okay right here put on the top of your
middle finger and then put this is done
under it and I just flick I can flick a
person okay this is the way first pitch
i'm going to show you is the curveball
it's pretty easy pitch to the girl you
just gotta throw it instead of going to
straight like a baseball gonna throw it
to the side like this okay this is what
it looks like the next pitch i'm going
to show you use the screwball screwball
to me he's pretty easy bitch we're going
to have it roll off top my hand and just
going to go to the side and just go to
the other side remember why not when
you're throwing it it's going to be the
bottom half is going to be facing that
way always throw it like that okay is
well it looks like the next pitch i'm
going to show you is lucky curve lucky
car was pretty hard pitch to throw was
gonna love is we're going to grow it
down like in a whole little whole half
loop and run it through to the side and
hopefully if you do right it's going to
curb this way and then go back to the
other side is what it looks like
the next pitch i'm going to show you is
the changeup changeup is pretty easy
pitch to throw I might have a little bit
of carmine what we're going to throw it
is right here Jenny's point throw like a
baseball this is where over these point
is okay and you know like in my head let
me curve might drop next bitch i'm going
to show you is fastball I've to fastball
the first pitch first gospel is skyed
I'm festival pretty fast is not that
accurate but it's still wearing that
deficient in some control it is what it
looks like that's what I'm going to show
you with another fastball this one
instead of throwing it from the south
I'm going to push it it's pretty hard
fish throw line it's really easy pitch
to throw so you don't really parts you
know your pastor that much it's really
easy pitch throw
next page we're going to show you is the
riser the risers are printing our pitch
throw we're going to throw it is we're
going to go out of baseball I'm change
of foot set us up in here please stop
here and have a 45 degree angle going
down remember up like it it we do it
right it's going to go like this and go
up maybe I can curb either way either
way it works it'll be good next week I'm
going to show you is the sinker he was
pretty impatient and when we're car is
kind of like a lefty what okay as I was
saying the seeker is just like the lefty
curve or throw it and a half loop except
one is that a lucky girl going to be
doing it this way single room completely
Johnny like completely gone to the air
pushes down pretty fast pitch so you
want to do a right is how it looks ok
well that's all I like it thanks for
watching have fun with your friends